Put in maintenance mode. (#1576)
typed-ember/ember-cli-typescript: README.md

# MAINTENANCE MODE

ember-cli-typescript will no longer be updated unless necessary  - ec-ts is no longer needed and all available features are configurable in userland.

See the official TypeScript docs on the ember guides website here: https://guides.emberjs.com/release/typescript/ 
This section of the docs has details for getting started with TypeScript, beyond what is laid out here.

With every release, we output the `--typescript` output of new ember apps to this StackBlitz: https://stackblitz.com/github/ember-cli/editor-output/tree/stackblitz-app-output-typescript

## How to use TypeScript without `ember-cli-typescript`?

> 
> Apps and v1 addons need to configure Babel to compile TypeScript files via the `ember-cli-babel` config, as described in the [ember-cli-babel](https://github.com/emberjs/ember-cli-babel#enabling-typescript-transpilation).
> 
> Additionally, you will need the `tsconfig.json` generated by the Ember TypeScript blueprint (see above), and then can run [`glint`](https://typed-ember.gitbook.io/glint) or `tsc` directly on the CLI. (Again, see the official docs for details!)
> 
> ### Apps
> 
> ```js
> 'ember-cli-babel': {
>   enableTypeScriptTransform: true,
> },
> 
> The [V2 Addon Blueprint](https://github.com/embroider-build/addon-blueprint) does not use nor need ember-cli-typescript, nor any of its features.

Reviewer: ````suggestion
Apps and v1 addons need to configure Babel to compile TypeScript files via the `ember-cli-babel` config, as described in the [ember-cli-babel](https://github.com/emberjs/ember-cli-babel#enabling-typescript-transpilation).

Additionally, you will need the `tsconfig.json` generated by the Ember TypeScript blueprint (see below for details), and then can run [`glint`](https://typed-ember.gitbook.io/glint) or `tsc` directly on the CLI. (Again, see the official docs for details!)

### Apps

```js
'ember-cli-babel': {
  enableTypeScriptTransform: true,
},
```

### v1 addons

Configure this in the addon's `index.js` in the root of the project:

```js
module.exports = {
  name: require('package').name,
  options: {
    'ember-cli-babel': {
      enableTypeScriptTransform: true
    }
  }
}
```

### v2 addons
````

# MAINTENANCE MODE

> ember-cli-typescript will no logner be updated unless necesary  - ec-ts is no longer needed and all available features are configurable in userland.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
ember-cli-typescript will no longer be updated unless neccesary  - ec-ts is no longer needed and all available features are configurable in userland.
```

See the official TypeScript docs on the ember guides website here: https://guides.emberjs.com/release/typescript/ 
This section of the docs has details for getting started with TypeScript, beyond what is laid out here.

With every release, we output the `--typescript` output of new ember apps to this StackBlitz: https://stackblitz.com/github/ember-cli/editor-output/tree/stackblitz-app-output-typescript

## How to use TypeScript without `ember-cli-typescript`?

> In the [ember-cli-babel](https://github.com/emberjs/ember-cli-babel#enabling-typescript-transpilation) docs, it mention that in your `ember-cli-build.js`, you can specify:
> ```js
> 'ember-cli-babel': {
>   enableTypeScriptTransform: true,
> },
> ```
> 
> For v1 addons, this would be specified in the node-land `index.js`:
> ```js
> module.exports = {
>   name: require('package').name,
>   options: {
>     'ember-cli-babel': {
>       enableTypeScriptTransform: true
>     }
>   }
> }
> ```
> 
> ## What about for v2 addons?

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Apps and v1 addons need to configure Babel to compile TypeScript files via the `ember-cli-babel` config, as described in the [ember-cli-babel](https://github.com/emberjs/ember-cli-babel#enabling-typescript-transpilation).

Additionally, you will need the `tsconfig.json` generated by the Ember TypeScript blueprint (see above), and then can run [`glint`](https://typed-ember.gitbook.io/glint) or `tsc` directly on the CLI. (Again, see the official docs for details!)

### Apps

```js
'ember-cli-babel': {
  enableTypeScriptTransform: true,
},
```

### v1 addons

Configure this in the addon's `index.js` in the root of the project:

```js
module.exports = {
  name: require('package').name,
  options: {
    'ember-cli-babel': {
      enableTypeScriptTransform: true
    }
  }
}
```

### v2 addons
```
